A ghostly orb of sickly green light illuminates this location. If the location is industrial, multiple such orbs appear, always out of reach, and vanish if approached.
Bloody footprints trail from a large, congealed puddle of blood and lead throughout the location. The trail leads out into the corridors before ending abruptly. Following the trail leads to a body being eaten by 1d5 Pest Larvae p. x.
A vaccsuit stands sentinel against a wall across from where the crew enters. At first glance it appears empty, but if anyone touches the suit, it sloshes heavily. Opening the vaccsuit, crew can discover liquified human remains. Make a Sanity Save or take 1 Stress. 
Electricity arcs randomly from surface to surface in the location. Cutting the power, via the Terminal or some other manner causes them to stop. Otherwise there is a 30%% chance characters will be in the path of an arc. Affected characters must make a Body Save or take 1d10 damage.
Although not unusual for space, this location has zero-gravity. Anything not anchored in the location floats around, and fragile items may be broken or damaged.
A garbled distress call is repeating on loop.%nMayday …day. This is …tain ..bby Pilar. We are tr..ped on the Advent Dawn. My crew is alm… al. gone. Some…ng came ..ck w.th the sh.p. It .s alive s..ehow. We ca..ot find our way …k to our ship. Plea.. som..ne h.lp us.
Various tools and mechanical parts lay scattered throughout this location. Everything here appears used, damaged, or utterly broken. If there’s an NPC present, they are searching through the detritus for something useful.
Dangerously hot air fills this location. Jets of steam dump endless amounts of hot, humid air into the location.%nFor every 10 minutes spent in this location, crew members take 1 dmg from steam burns.
Opening the hatch to the location releases a rush of stagnant water. The location has flooded at some point in the past. Any points lower than the entry hatch remain flooded.
Tucked away is a makeshift chemical lab that definitely wouldn't pass any safety inspections. Drums of hazardous and flammable chemicals are scattered throughout the area. Any combat has a 50%% chance of either causing an explosion of a toxic cloud. A successful Chemistry check can identify what the lab was being used to synthesize.
A reinforced breach seal covers a massive gash in the hull. Crews who listen may perceive a faint hiss. Appropriate checks reveal the patch was rough, and any explosions in the location or damage to the patch may cause a breach. If this happens, those present must make a Body save, or be jettisoned into space.
The location is filled with the husks of original colonists. The bodies are posed as if in the middle of activity. When no one from the crew is looking, the bodies change position inexplicably. If approached, the bodies burst, any adjacent crew take 1d10dmg from the projected remains. 
On a workbench bolted to the floor, an android head rests beneath a glass dome. When approached, their eyes open, and it screams. Make a Sanity Save.%nAfter screaming, the head begins to speak and react normally, as any android. Roll on the Android Table (p. X)
A human brain floats in a jar next to a Terminal. Metallic tendrils run from the terminal to the brain where they merge with the brain itself. The metal transitions seamlessly into the fatty wrinkles. Any attempts to use the terminal here are done so with Disadvantage.
A garbled announcement echoes through the ship, warning of an upcoming paradimensional shift. This shift will occur in 2d10 hours and will leave behind the crew’s ship and anything else outside the Advent Dawn. This also advances the Unwanted Attention track by one.
The walls and floors of the area are covered in an unidentifiable language. Closer examination reveals the writing to be made in human blood. While it has mostly dried, the most recent sections are still tacky to the touch. 20%% Chance a Lost Soul (p. x) is still in the location.
The mutilated corpses of more than a dozen bodies hang from the ceiling. If the crew is looking for a specific person, there is a 10%% chance they are here and that they can be identified by their identification or flight suit.
An altar is tucked away in one of the recesses of the room. A writhing tangle of wires connect a skull to a collection of electronics. A mishmash of strange sigils, blood, and rotten flesh form the base of the altar, spilling to the edges of a repurposed metal table.%nDisturbing the altar causes EITHER 1d5+1 Cultists to return, OR the crew to experience Terrible Visions (p. X)
As you enter this area a faint sound of chanting comes from somewhere within. No matter how you listen, the language is unidentifiable. The sound seems to randomly move making it impossible to find the source. This location cannot be used as a Sanctuary (p. X), and the crew cannot adequately rest here.
Everything metal here is covered in rust as though exposed to the elements for a hundred years. A sprung pipe leaks the water responsible for the ruin.%nIn some places, the decking is nearly rusted through. No spot can withstand more than 300lbs of weight, and every character who crosses the floor has a 20%% chance of falling through and suffering 1d5 dmg in a Personal location, or 1d10 in an Industrial one. Falling through means entering a new Location in the same Section. Roll as usual.%nThere’s a 50%% chance that metal equipment found here is useless. Any weapon found here has half as much ammunition. The other half has fallen to pieces.
External sound drops to near inaudible levels, but you begin to hear a strange rhythmic whooshing: the sound of blood moving through your veins. Radiation Absorbent Material (RAM) covers every surface in irregular geometric shapes. The floor is a web of wires over a deep chasm likewise covered in RAM.%nSpoken communication is impossible in this location.%nRadioactive materials can be stored safely in this location.%nAfter 20 minutes here, make a Sanity Save, or take 1 Stress.
This area has a tenuous connection with linear time causing those who enter to relive past experiences. Every time a member of the crew makes a check they experience a vision of past failures. This causes all checks in this area to be made at Disadvantage [-].
Part of this area has been sectioned off with haphazardly welded sheets of metal. A closer inspection shows two scavenged cryopods have been incorporated to create a cooler. Inside are human bodies in various stages of the butchering process. Everything from a complete hanging corpse to well chopped flesh can be found within.%nIf the crew investigates the interior of the larder there is a 50%% chance that 1d4 Cannibal Leftovers p. X will appear.
This location is covered with viscous pupa of The Pestilence. Industrial scaled locations have a Pestilence: Imago p. x that has laid them. It is attended by 1d4 Pestilence: Nymphs p. X which may not be immediately present but are always close.  In Personal scaled locations only the Nymphs oversee the eggs.%nThe eggs can be easily destroyed, but doing so will immediately attract the attention of any Imago or Nymphs nearby. Moving through the area may cause 1d10 eggs to hatch Pestilence: Larva (p. X).
Corridors split, branch, and wind in seemingly random patterns. Walls reflect back upon themselves, ceilings and floors invert and spiral toward nothingness. Does the ship itself wish to stop your progress?%nNavigation through the maze is impossible without cutting through the walls; however, the location returns to normal in 1 hour. If the crew fail to escape before this each must make a Sanity Save. Upon a failure they can either take 1 Stress or push forward with Reckless Haste p. x.
As you approach the Location, terrible screaming comes from within the walls. The screaming becomes louder and louder, echoing and reverberating from every surface with chilling resonance.%nThe screaming continues throughout the crew’s stay in the location, diminishing only as they leave. Searching out its source, the screaming comes from behind a panel. Removing it reveals a person dressed in the crew’s uniform, but who is unknown to the crew. Their body has been integrated into the mechanical guts of the ship. Wires, pipes, and cables run through their skin and flesh, they quake in agony and beg for release. Make a Sanity Save.
The environmental controls appear to have gone haywire here.%nNo matter the malfunction rolled below, the crew will be uncomfortable unless they’re wearing suitable gear.
