D10	What’s in the containers?%n%n1-2	A Cultist shelter and 1d5 cultists (roll on the Events table for their status)%n%n3-4	Flat packed structures%n%n5-6	Water purification systems%n%n7-8	Freeze dried rations%n%n9	Fabrication supplies (pg X)%n%n10	AI farming machinery
The organism mutated by travel through netherspace is slowly spreading from its containment field. If touched a tendril will recoil and settle in a new position.
The hot air smells sulfurous. If an Event is rolled with a creature(s), it might be within one of the vesicles.
Every station is missing a fundamental component.
An elevator in the center provides access to the other floors. If a cryopod is damaged, a disoriented Lost Soul [p. X] emerges from the ruined pod. It does not engage the crew unless threatened or attacked, and wanders through the nearest exit after a few minutes if left alone.
Nothing is clean, but the doors still seal, and some of the equipment appears to work. 50 percent chance any encounter here will be with [Child] or [Mad Merchant]%nUsing the Facility%n%nIn order to use the facilities for anything beyond advantage on body saves requires Pathology or Surgery skill checks to be made at disadvantage. Most of the supplies here have been looted and the conditions are far from sterile.
Beneath the altar the elements of worship for these faiths reside. A stained glass window representing the cosmos is constantly illuminated from behind by a soft light.
None of the electrical equipment functions well, but could be useful as spare parts.
Flying this Beast%n%nAny crew member with Piloting or Hyperspace skills can fly the Advent Dawn. An attempt by anyone else requires a successful check at disadvantage. This travel is at conventional sunlight speeds using main thrusters. Any attempt to spin up the Paradimensional Drive fails and will immediately attract Unwanted Attention [p].%n%nData Extraction%n%nThe Advent Dawn has been to uncharted areas and the information is worth quite a bit to the right buyer. Accessing the data requires a successful Computers Check. Sifting through the partially corrupted data takes time. A successful check allows the recovery of 1d10 records before the Warden should make another roll on the Random Events Table [p]. The Warden can use the Survey Data (p. x) to determine what locations are discovered.
The airlock has not been maintained but functions, albeit slowly and with shuddering jerks. Every escape pod has been used sometime in the past. %n%nExiting the Ship%n%nThe maintenance airlock next to the escape pods is one of the only ways for visitors to escape, but it is not a simple exit. The escape pods lie on the opposite side of the ship from the docking ring. Reaching their ship requires exiting the airlock and an EVA trek across the enormous vessel.
The drives on a normal ship would have stopped long ago. A successful Engineering check shows that the fuel is being replenished somehow even as it is expended. Spare fuel cores can be accessed, but are large and pose a radiation risk.
The mainframe is the heart of the Advent Dawn’s network. It is tied to every workstation and terminal on the ship, but like the ship itself it is altered and corrupted.
One wall is covered in cabinets that once contained food packets. The cabinets flank a rehydration and cooking station that appears barely functional. The mess hall is run down and shows signs that it is frequented by the ship's denizens.
The large format printer still works and can print anything if given the correct blueprints and provided the raw materials, which are missing here, but can be found elsewhere in the Cargo Bay.
A table and chairs sit at the center of every room. The crew can rest here if they are alone.
The vault is a foot thick door of an incredibly tough alloy broken only by a partially disassembled access pad.
The carry-all has the following sections:%n%nBridge: Pilot and copilot seats; full nav suite%n%nEngine room: Standard engines [[[insert new Warden language if 1.0 rules come out]]]. The carryall is hyperdrive capable, but currently lacks a fuel core, which can be retrieved from the Engineering location.%n%nCrew quarters: a dozen bunks surround a kitchen and living area.%n%nCargo bay: Mostly empty; larger than all the other locations put together.
A terminal here may be used to remotely collect an embryo canister and deliver it to the terminal station. The joysticks on the terminal may be manipulated to seize one of the canisters below. The terminal’s display provides the list of embryos, but a PC must roll a d10 to acquire the canister of their choice.
Not Up To Code%n%nThere are large containers of high proof alcohol here. Any use of fire or discharge of energy weapons has the possibility to ignite the highly flammable contents.%n%nNeutral Ground%n%nThe Lounge is one of the few places the sentient denizens of the vessel can safely gather. Anything that violates this neutrality will be met with swift retribution. Roll on the Reinforcements Table.
Staying in this location without Oxygen causes disadvantage on all checks after 1d5 minutes. 1d5 minutes after that, the crew must make a Body Save or lose consciousness. Conscious crew members must make a Save for each additional minute they remain in the location, or until they seal the breach.
This location has a trace background radiation level that constitutes a Level 1 Hazard.Damage to the energy converter has a chance to spill radioactive fluid throughout the location. This will create a Level 2 or Level 3 Radiation Hazard.See the rules on radiation  in the MoSh.
Zero G%n%nThe generator is the irreplaceable core of the anti-grav controls. It can be turned off through successful Computers or Engineering checks. If the crewmember fails these checks roll on the table below to determine the result.%n%n1d5	Gravitational Mishaps%n%n0	Zero Gravity%n%n1-4	Half Gravity%n%n5-6	Normal Gravity%n%n7-8	2Gs — Half Speed%n%n9-10	3Gs — Triple Gravity. Body save to move half speed.
This port is directly connected to the crew's ship.
Not a trace of dust or stray debris to be found anywhere within. When entering this location for the first time: The core whirs constantly, and any crew who enter take 1 Stress as the corruption of the ship becomes evident. If dormant there is an equal chance of encountering A Doppleganger. Cult of the Ship member, or Lost Soul in this location. %n%n%n%nUnwanted Attention:%n%n Any action that would cause a chance of attracting unwanted attention automatically does so. If the Entity is Awake/Alert, entering the room automatically triggers Unwanted Attention. Any actions here will be done while the Entity calls its servants.
This location always has 1d5 Ooze p. X present in addition to any Random Events rolled.A search turns up 2d10 items from the What Do You Find Table p. X; however, searching will attract the attention of any Ooze present.
A terminal nearby allows for the adjustment of the visual range coming through the viewports (UV, infrared, thermal, radio). Anyone who gazes through the eye-shaped viewports for more than a minute experiences Terrible Visions (pg xxx). The size of the location makes breaching the hull with explosives dangerous from within, and the hatch to the observation deck will immediately seal if pressure is lost.
If pressed, a recording from the ship’s maiden voyage plays over the room’s speakers. A commanding voice says the ship is prepared to initiate the paradimensional drive. A countdown commences followed by static, then the room fills with the sounds of many voices screaming in unison. A ladder ascends to a hatch two floors above leading to an airlock. A toolkit and vacc suit with mag boots stand by for repair work. Outside the airlock stand antennae many stories tall. Regardless of how far the Docking Port is from this location, the crew’s ship remains out of sight from this vantage. (see exiting the ship p. X)
Corrupted Caretaker%n%nIf the crew has acquired the uncorrupted copy of the AI core from the Mainframe p. X, the crew can attempt to restore the AI core. This requires three successful Computers Check made at disadvantage. For each failure, an Ancillary Android p. x wakes from its rack and assaults the crew. Once restored [AI Name] can provide the crew with general information about the Advent Dawn. This includes a list of all locations. In addition, [AI Name] can guide the crew to one location of their choice. However, once it does [Entity] will recorrupt the AI within 1d5 hours.