Signs of litter and opened containers suggest others have been through here.
A strange tangle of plantlike tendrils covers the lab tables.
Some of the bio-engineering towers are on within this chamber. Black vesicles of inky membranes hang from the ceiling and sit in clusters around the floor.
Workout stations, and game and recreation facilities for the dozen or so standard crew have fallen into disrepair.
Each floor’s ring contains a few dozen cryopods, enough to skeleton crew the Advent Dawn.
Flickering panels illuminate grime-covered tables.
The icons of a dozen faiths hang on the walls.
Water tanks filled with questionable fluids line one side of the wall, and generators, pumps and monitoring equipment the others.
The bridge is lit only by the soft glowing lights of the consoles. A thick layer of dust covers the controls and crash couches while faded stickers and coffee cups long evaporated are the only signs of the original crew.
At the base of an access ladder to the left a maintenance airlock light slowly blinks into the void beyond.
The cavernous room holds two cylindrical drive units. The hulking metal shapes dwarf the control stations arranged between them.
Soft blinking lights illuminate a long room that smells of electronics and rot.
Refuse and food scraps ranging from very recent to unidentifiable, litter every flat surface.
The room before you is dominated by large machines and broken containers
Bunks each have a cubby and personal monitor built into the wall.
The sturdily built room is picked clean. Nothing but dust and debris sit on the tables that were probably one used to clean and maintain weapons.
A large landing craft squats in the hanger dominating the space. 
A small cylindrical room houses a smaller cylindrical room within, contained behind glass walls. Scorch marks and the smell of smoke suggest the room has been on fire before, but nothing within the room itself appears flammable.
Whatever this space was originally, it has been turned into a distillery and lounge. Vats bubble with fermentation and a complicated series of glass tubes slowly distill a clear liquid. 
A stink permeates the room and roots from somewhere else in the ship have found their way into here
A nest of pipes converge on a humming device like a giant mechanical spider in the middle of its web.
A giant chamber is dominated by a horizontal glowing cylinder. The slow pulse of light is matched by a deep tone more felt than heard.
Once connected, and pressure is balanced, the airlock hisses open to reveal a room with a terminal and little else.
A cavernous space dominated by a cylindrical mass of coiled conductors. Warbled thrumming emanates from this central pillar. The walls of this spherical room shift in subtle geometric patterns aligning and then realigning as the core pulses. Lights high in the room send shadows sprawling across every surface.
A tangle of conveyors route waste materials into large apparatus that seem to be sorting the materials. At the far end of the room is a giant vat of bubbling organic matter.
Circular ports look out into the void of space. Comfortable couches encircle a once-functioning refreshment station.
A semicircular room filled with dark screens and terminals. A single button glows red on a keyboard within.
A cylindrical core dominates the center of the space and is covered with a multitude of lights and wires. One wall is a giant screen displaying an androgynous wireframe body that turns to you as you enter. Flanking this, a half dozen android bodies wait in racks.